This is a commercial property.
Help me sell it. Why would he sell it?
Here we go.
You must remember every word I say
Use the money from selling the store to help me find a few people
Let them do one thing
Arrange for them to go abroad afterwards
Including you remember
Don't leave a trace
The rest of the money is yours.
Don't worry, I'll do it for you.
As long as you say
I believe
Shanshan is my sister anyway
Why would I do such a thing?
OK
I believe you.
How are the formalities for going abroad?
It's almost done.
Then let's go for a walk in Phoenix Mountain again.
OK
This should be the last time we see the port
Is it city?
Yes!
When we go to America
Everything will start over
Jiang Yi
Oh, thank you kindly.